com/example/trackie/ui/databasetest/DatabaseTestFragment.java
 com.example.trackie.ui.databasetest.DatabaseTestFragment
 com.example.trackie.ui.databasetest.DatabaseTestFragment$1
 com.example.trackie.ui.databasetest.DatabaseTestFragment$2
 com.example.trackie.ui.databasetest.DatabaseTestFragment$2$1
 com.example.trackie.ui.databasetest.DatabaseTestFragment$3
 com.example.trackie.ui.databasetest.DatabaseTestFragment$3$1
 com.example.trackie.ui.databasetest.DatabaseTestFragment$4
 com.example.trackie.ui.databasetest.DatabaseTestFragment$4$1
com/example/trackie/ui/mapmode/MapModeActivity.java
 com.example.trackie.ui.mapmode.MapModeActivity
com/example/trackie/ui/settings/SettingsViewModel.java
 com.example.trackie.ui.settings.SettingsViewModel
com/example/trackie/ui/TouchMapView.java
 com.example.trackie.ui.TouchMapView
 com.example.trackie.ui.TouchMapView$1
 com.example.trackie.ui.TouchMapView$2
com/example/trackie/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.trackie.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.trackie.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
 com.example.trackie.ui.home.HomeFragment$2
 com.example.trackie.ui.home.HomeFragment$3
com/example/trackie/ui/testmode/TestingMainFragment.java
 com.example.trackie.ui.testmode.TestingMainFragment
com/example/trackie/database/MapData.java
 com.example.trackie.database.MapData
 com.example.trackie.database.MapData$1
 com.example.trackie.database.MapData$1$1
 com.example.trackie.database.MapData$2
com/example/trackie/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.trackie.BuildConfig
com/example/trackie/database/TestData.java
 com.example.trackie.database.TestData
com/example/trackie/ui/home/LocationsAdapter.java
 com.example.trackie.ui.home.LocationsAdapter
 com.example.trackie.ui.home.LocationsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/trackie/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.trackie.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/trackie/ui/settings/SettingsFragment.java
 com.example.trackie.ui.settings.SettingsFragment
 com.example.trackie.ui.settings.SettingsFragment$1
com/example/trackie/database/FirestoreExecute.java
 com.example.trackie.database.FirestoreExecute
com/example/trackie/ui/mapmode/MappingMainFragment.java
 com.example.trackie.ui.mapmode.MappingMainFragment
com/example/trackie/database/OnCompleteCallback.java
 com.example.trackie.database.OnCompleteCallback
com/example/trackie/ui/locations/LocationsViewModel.java
 com.example.trackie.ui.locations.LocationsViewModel
com/example/trackie/ui/mapmode/RSSIAdapter.java
 com.example.trackie.ui.mapmode.RSSIAdapter
 com.example.trackie.ui.mapmode.RSSIAdapter$1
 com.example.trackie.ui.mapmode.RSSIAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/trackie/ui/MainActivity.java
 com.example.trackie.ui.MainActivity
com/example/trackie/database/MapRep.java
 com.example.trackie.database.MapRep
com/example/trackie/ui/databasetest/DatabaseTestViewModel.java
 com.example.trackie.ui.databasetest.DatabaseTestViewModel
com/example/trackie/database/FirestoreHelper.java
 com.example.trackie.database.FirestoreHelper
 com.example.trackie.database.FirestoreHelper$GetMapData
 com.example.trackie.database.FirestoreHelper$GetMapData$1
 com.example.trackie.database.FirestoreHelper$RemoveMapData
 com.example.trackie.database.FirestoreHelper$RemoveMapData$1
 com.example.trackie.database.FirestoreHelper$SetMapData
 com.example.trackie.database.FirestoreHelper$SetMapData$1
 com.example.trackie.database.FirestoreHelper$UpdateMapData
com/example/trackie/ui/locations/LocationsFragment.java
 com.example.trackie.ui.locations.LocationsFragment
 com.example.trackie.ui.locations.LocationsFragment$1
com/example/trackie/ui/mapmode/MappingCompleteFragment.java
 com.example.trackie.ui.mapmode.MappingCompleteFragment
com/example/trackie/ui/testmode/TestModeActivity.java
 com.example.trackie.ui.testmode.TestModeActivity
com/example/trackie/ui/mapmode/RSSITestFragment.java
 com.example.trackie.ui.mapmode.RSSITestFragment
 com.example.trackie.ui.mapmode.RSSITestFragment$1
